In this exercise, we are going to design access control window for our application. As you can see in the example, we have added a form with two inputs and two buttons in addition to a link for remember password.

<br>
The *Yaml* file structure is based on **Organism.Article** that contains a **Organism.Section** which in turn contains a **Molecule.Form** and one **Molecule.Div**.

<br>

The *Organism.Article* or the **Organism.Section** must be identified with an `id` attribute. The value must be an string.

<br>

*Organism.Article*

```yaml
  id: session
```

<br>

*Organism.Section*

```yaml
  id: main
```

<br>

Organism.Section
----------------

<br>
When we insert the *Molecule.Form* in *Organism.Section* we can put the form centered in the screen using `style` attribute.

<br>

```yaml
  style: centered padding
```

<br>

Molecule.Form
=============

<br>
The form molecule can be putting directly in *Organism.Article* but in this example we have put into *Organism.Section* and now is a *child* of **children** array.

<br>

```yaml
  children:
    - Molecule.Form:
        events:
          - submit
```

<br>
This molecule is subscribed to **submit** event for get values that you inserted in the form.

<br>

Atoms
---

<br>
The atoms of **Molecule.Form** are of two **input** type and two **button** type. Next we define the values of each atoms:

<br>

#### Atom.Input

<br>

The *Atom.Input* attributes are:
<br>

 * **type**: text | password | number | date | datetime | email | search | tel | time | url
 * **name**: variable name picked by the input
 * **placeholder**: text displayed in the input to help
 * **value**: value by default
 * **maxlength**: maximum number of characters
 * **required**: `true` or `false`. If is `true` the form not submit until this field is not complete.
 * **disabled**: `true` or `false`
 * **style**: style for input, for example: *big*, *normal*, *small*

<br>
In the example we have modified the style of inputs making them larger and keeping the focus on the center.

<br>
With the attribute `type` we can establish the **password** value and hide text when user is writing it.

<br>

```
  - Atom.Input:
      type: password
      name: password
      placeholder: Your password...
      style: align center big
```

<br>

#### Atom.Button

<br>
A button can have text only, just an icon or both of them. We can also configure a route with `path` attribute or catch function callback. Its attributes are:

<br>

 * **icon**: button icon
 * **count**: small counter
 * **text**: button text. In this example is `Log in`
 * **path**: route that leads to press the button
 * **style**: tiny | small | big | fluid | loading | accept | cancel | theme

<br>

In this example we put in *Log in* button the color of main theme setting its style attribute.

<br>

Molecule.Div
============

<br>

This molecule is special because it is less strict in accepting elements. We help *Molecule.Div* to insert an **Atom.Link** for linking to remember password. With the *href* attribute indicate where it takes us the link:

<br>

```
  - Molecule.Div:
      children:
        - Atom.Link:
            text: Remember my password
            href: /remember
```
